---
title: "Ankora"
layout: apk-post
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
permalink: /APKs/:title
guid: 4b868555-e942-4ca8-b012-c492ebd06014
tags: adventure sandbox crafting rpg building cute relaxing casual third-person
---

> _"Ankora is a survival game where you play Mun, a young pilot from Interstellar Patrol Team 5 who suffers a dramatic crash during one of her reconnaissance flights. She's forced to make an emergency landing on the planet of Ankora." - <a href="https://ankora.en.uptodown.com/android" target="_blank">UpToDown</a>_

Ankora is a game with a very unique take on the survival genre. As usual, there is the health, then there's hunger <span style="font-size:120%">and</span> hydration, and then there's the whole map system, where you actually only play on chunks, something like Mekorama, and you go to places by tapping on whatever squares there are in that chunk.<!--more--> This game is lowkey reminiscent of Doom, where there are different levels up and down, but its really just a top-down with walls and instructions where things should elevate. Also, crafting stuff. This was a really fun game when I played it on a crappy phone a long time ago*! (*well, between 2014 to 2018)

In all though, there is an unfortunate history with **Chibig**, the developers of Ankora and other games. I attempted to find this game on the late of January 2022, but then I found this [reddit post](https://www.reddit.com/r/LimitedPrintGames/comments/pm2qm9/what_are_your_thoughts_on_the_ankora_lost_days/). In the post, there was a comment that basically summarized what happened:

> They had a Kickstarter for Deiland and on release they told everyone that updates will be on the way, but promptly released their Summer in Mara campaign and decided not to do anything with it. In my view, what they did was just made a port of the mobile version, and used the rest of the money in making and marketing Summer of Mara. - _yack20_

Nonetheless, before the **mysterious removal** of Ankora from the Play Store (and probably from the App Store as well if it was there at all), people was able to extract it in time, as I have it below.

<div class="text-center">
    <a class="btn btn-dark btn-block w-100" onclick='apk("com.Chibig.Ankora_1.3.9.apk")' target="_blank" style="text-decoration: none;"> Download <b>com.Chibig.Ankora_1.3.9.apk</b> (86.4 MB)</a>
</div>
